mdw/build.md, before:

## building mdw6

1 - Edit gradle.properties to set the new build numbers.
    - mdwVersion
    - mdwDesignerVersion (latest published version)
    
2 - Edit mdw-workflow/.settings/com.centurylink.mdw.plugin.xml:
    - mdwFramework

3 - Edit mdw-hub/package.json:
    - version (omit -SNAPSHOT)

4 - Edit mdw-hub/bower.json:
    - version (omit -SNAPSHOT)

5 - Edit mdw-hub/manifest.yaml:
    - path (point to new war version)

6 - Edit RestApiDefinition.java (TODO: parameterize):
    - info annotation

7 - Run exportAssetPackages task to update **/.mdw/package.json files
    
8 - Commit and push these changes to Git.

9 - Run all tests locally (TODO: on build box -- depends on issue #14).
    - Drools tests are known to fail in mdw6.  All others must pass.

10 - Perform the Jenkins build (http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:8181/jenkins):
    - MDW6-Build
    - Review console output for errors.

11 - Publish using Jenkins (http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:8181/jenkins):
    - MDW6-Publish-Formal (or -Snapshot)
    - Review console output for errors.

12 - On GitHub:
  - Close any open issues delivered with this build.
  - Create a milestone marker for the next upcoming build.
  - Assign any undelivered issues for this build's milestone to the next build's milestone.
  - Close this build's milestone in GitHub.
  
13 - TODO: Release Notes

Commit message:

Added steps for publishing to Maven central

mdw/build.md, after:

## building mdw6

1 - Edit gradle.properties to set the new build numbers.
    - mdwVersion
    - mdwDesignerVersion (latest published version)
    
2 - Edit mdw-workflow/.settings/com.centurylink.mdw.plugin.xml:
    - mdwFramework

3 - Edit mdw-hub/package.json:
    - version (omit -SNAPSHOT)

4 - Edit mdw-hub/bower.json:
    - version (omit -SNAPSHOT)

5 - Edit mdw-hub/manifest.yaml:
    - path (point to new war version)

6 - Edit RestApiDefinition.java (TODO: parameterize):
    - info annotation

7 - Run exportAssetPackages task to update **/.mdw/package.json files
    
8 - Commit and push these changes to Git.

9 - Run all tests locally (TODO: on build box -- depends on issue #14).
    - Drools tests are known to fail in mdw6.  All others must pass.

10 - Perform the Jenkins build (http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:8181/jenkins):
    - MDW6-Build
    - Review console output for errors.

11 - Publish using Jenkins (http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:8181/jenkins):
    - MDW6-Publish-Formal (or -Snapshot)
    - Publish to Maven Central using mdw6-publish-maven-central (for formal build only)
    - Review console output for errors.

12 - On GitHub:
  - Close any open issues delivered with this build.
  - Create a milestone marker for the next upcoming build.
  - Assign any undelivered issues for this build's milestone to the next build's milestone.
  - Close this build's milestone in GitHub.
  
13 - TODO: Release Notes
