readme.md, before:

## mdw6

### Developer Setup
1. Prerequisites
 - Eclipse Mars for JavaEE Developers:  
   http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages/eclipse-ide-java-ee-developers/mars2
 - Required Plugins:
     - MDW Designer:   
       [http://cshare.ad.qintra.com/sites/MDW/Developer Resources/Designer Plugin Install.html](http://cshare.ad.qintra.com/sites/MDW/Developer Resources/Designer Plugin Install.html)
     - Gradle Plugin:   
       http://dist.springsource.com/release/TOOLS/gradle
 - Recommended Plugins:
     - Groovy:   
       http://dist.springsource.org/snapshot/GRECLIPSE/e4.5
     - Yaml:   
       http://dadacoalition.org/yedit
 - Tomcat 7 or 8:
     - https://tomcat.apache.org/download-70.cgi
2. Get the Source Code
 - Command-line Git:  
   `git clone https://github.com/CenturyLinkCloud/MDW.git`
 - Or in Eclipse:  
   Right-click in Git Repositories View and select "Paste Repository Path or URI" with the repo URL in your clipboard buffer.
 - Import the project into your Eclipse workspace:  
   File > Import > General > Existing Projects into Workspace
   
2b. Install NPM and BOWER (One-time step)
 - Open cmd prompt
 - cd to mdw-hub project directory
 - type npm install
 - type bower install
 
3. Build the Project
 - Window > Show View > Other > Gradle (STS) > Gradle Tasks
   Select the mdw project and double-click the "buildAll" task
   
4. Run on Tomcat in Eclipse
 - Edit mdw.properties to suit your environment.
 - In Eclipse Servers view, right-click and select New > Server  
   **Important**: Select the Apache > Tomcat 7.0 (MDW) runtime
 - Select the mdw-hub module in the Add/Remove wizard page
 - Double-click on the server and set the startup timeout to something large (like 3600s)
 - Under MDW Server Options set the following Java Options (appropriate for your workspace):```
-Dmdw.runtime.env=dev
-Dmdw.config.location=c:/workspaces/mdw6/mdw/config
-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=c:/workspaces/mdw6/mdw/deploy/certs/CenturyLinkQCA.jks
-Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true
-Xms512m -Xmx1024m -XX:MaxPermSize=256m```
 - Right-click on the server and select Debug to start it up (this should automatically publish mdw-hub)
 - Check MDWHub access:  
   http://localhost:8080/mdw
   
5. MySQL Setup  
   **Note**: on Linux it's required to set the MySQL system variable lower_case_table_names to 1:  
   http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_lower_case_table_names
 - Download the following scripts from here and run them in this order:```
create_tables.sql
create_indexes.sql
add_fkeys.sql
baseline_inserts.sql``` (This script inserts a basic set of reference data into some of the tables created above.)```
seed_users.sql``` **Note**: Edit seed_users.sql to add yourself as a user.

6. Chrome and Postman
 - Install Chrome and the Postman Chrome App for REST service testing
 
7. Code Format
 - Java, Groovy, Javascript and JSON:
   The Eclipse code formatters are version-controlled in .settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs, so as long as you're up-to-date with Git you should automatically have the correct settings. If you want to use them for another project, you can download and import them from these formatter files:  
     - Java/Groovy: http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/MDWCodeFormatter.xml
     - Javascript/JSON: http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/mdw-javascript-formatter.xml
 - XML, HTML and YAML:  
   These have to be configured manually in Eclipse.  For all formats we use **spaces instead of tabs**.
   The following screenshots illustrate how to set these:  
     - XML:  
     ![xml formatter](http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/xmlformat.png)  
     - HTML:  
     ![html formatter](http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/htmlformat.png)  
     - YAML:  
     ![yaml formatter](http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/yamlformat.png)

Commit message:

Access settings moved to access.yaml

readme.md, after:

## mdw6

### Developer Setup
1. Prerequisites
 - Eclipse Mars for JavaEE Developers:  
   http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/packages/eclipse-ide-java-ee-developers/mars2
 - Required Plugins:
     - MDW Designer:   
       [http://cshare.ad.qintra.com/sites/MDW/Developer Resources/Designer Plugin Install.html](http://cshare.ad.qintra.com/sites/MDW/Developer Resources/Designer Plugin Install.html)
     - Gradle Plugin:   
       http://dist.springsource.com/release/TOOLS/gradle
 - Recommended Plugins:
     - Groovy:   
       http://dist.springsource.org/snapshot/GRECLIPSE/e4.5
     - Yaml:   
       http://dadacoalition.org/yedit
 - Tomcat 7 or 8:
     - https://tomcat.apache.org/download-70.cgi
2. Get the Source Code
 - Command-line Git:  
   `git clone https://github.com/CenturyLinkCloud/MDW.git`
 - Or in Eclipse:  
   Right-click in Git Repositories View and select "Paste Repository Path or URI" with the repo URL in your clipboard buffer.
 - Import the project into your Eclipse workspace:  
   File > Import > General > Existing Projects into Workspace
   
2b. Install NPM and BOWER (One-time step)
 - Open cmd prompt
 - cd to mdw-hub project directory
 - type npm install
 - type bower install
 
3. Build the Project
 - Window > Show View > Other > Gradle (STS) > Gradle Tasks
   Select the mdw project and double-click the "buildAll" task
   
4. Run on Tomcat in Eclipse
 - Edit mdw/config/mdw.properties to suit your environment.
 - Edit mdw/config/access.yaml to set devUser to yourself.
 - In Eclipse Servers view, right-click and select New > Server  
   **Important**: Select the Apache > Tomcat 7.0 (MDW) runtime
 - Select the mdw-hub module in the Add/Remove wizard page
 - Double-click on the server and set the startup timeout to something large (like 3600s)
 - Under MDW Server Options set the following Java Options (appropriate for your workspace):```
-Dmdw.runtime.env=dev
-Dmdw.config.location=c:/workspaces/mdw6/mdw/config
-Djavax.net.ssl.trustStore=c:/workspaces/mdw6/mdw/deploy/certs/CenturyLinkQCA.jks
-Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true
-Xms512m -Xmx1024m -XX:MaxPermSize=256m```
 - Right-click on the server and select Debug to start it up (this should automatically publish mdw-hub)
 - Check MDWHub access:  
   http://localhost:8080/mdw
   
5. MySQL Setup  
   **Note**: on Linux it's required to set the MySQL system variable lower_case_table_names to 1:  
   http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/server-system-variables.html#sysvar_lower_case_table_names
 - Download the following scripts from here and run them in this order:```
create_tables.sql
create_indexes.sql
add_fkeys.sql
baseline_inserts.sql``` (This script inserts a basic set of reference data into some of the tables created above.)```
seed_users.sql``` **Note**: Edit seed_users.sql to add yourself as a user.

6. Chrome and Postman
 - Install Chrome and the Postman Chrome App for REST service testing
 
7. Code Format
 - Java, Groovy, Javascript and JSON:
   The Eclipse code formatters are version-controlled in .settings/org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs, so as long as you're up-to-date with Git you should automatically have the correct settings. If you want to use them for another project, you can download and import them from these formatter files:  
     - Java/Groovy: http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/MDWCodeFormatter.xml
     - Javascript/JSON: http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/mdw-javascript-formatter.xml
 - XML, HTML and YAML:  
   These have to be configured manually in Eclipse.  For all formats we use **spaces instead of tabs**.
   The following screenshots illustrate how to set these:  
     - XML:  
     ![xml formatter](http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/xmlformat.png)  
     - HTML:  
     ![html formatter](http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/htmlformat.png)  
     - YAML:  
     ![yaml formatter](http://lxdenvmtc143.dev.qintra.com:7021/Environment/yamlformat.png)
